Demographic questions:
1. Please rate your programming experience with respect to the following 5-point scale.
2. Years of programming experience.
3. Please rate your modelling skills with graphical modeling languages with respect to the following 5-point scale.
4. Years of modelling experience.
5. Which of graphical modeling languages are you familiar with (e.g., UML, ER, etc.)?

User Satisfaction:
1.  Please rate your overall satisfaction with the final model according to the following 5-point scale.
2.  Do you consider the final model as correct (i.e., consistent with the provided process description)?
3.  Do you consider the final model as complete (i.e., are all the tasks from the provided process description included in the model)?
4.  Do you consider the final model to be structurally correct (i.e., consistent with the BPMN 2.0 standard)?
5.  Do you consider the labeling of the final model appropriate (i.e., tasks, gateways, and events labels are easy to understand)?
6.  Do you consider the layout of the final model appropriate (i.e., visually appealing)?
7.  Please rate your satisfaction with the selected visual representation of the BPMN model according to the following 5-point scale.
8.  Do you find the selected BPMN elements (start, end events, tasks, exclusive and parallel gateways, and sequence flow) to be sufficient for your modeling needs?
9.  Have you noticed any halucinations, i.e., extra modelling elements provided by chat that are not included in the process description?
10. Do you have any general comments or suggestions?


Scales:
  Expirieince:
    (vl) no experience,
    (l)  learned in class or from book,
    (m)  used on a class project,
    (h)  used on one project in industry,
    (vh) used on multiple projects in industry.

  Satisfaction:
    (vl) not satisfied         /very low,
    (l)  slightly satisfied    /low,
    (m)  moderately satisfied  /moderate,
    (h)  very satisfied        /high,
    (vh) extremely satisfied   /very high.

